Add note about parallel processing (#4837)
Azure/azure-sdk: docs/dotnet/introduction.md

{% include requirement/MUST id="dotnet-service-methods-sync-and-async" %} provide both asynchronous and synchronous variants for all service methods.

> Many developers want to port existing applications to the Cloud. These applications are often synchronous, and the cost of rewriting them to be asynchronous is usually prohibitive. Calling asynchronous APIs from synchronous methods can only be done through a technique called [_sync-over-async_, which can cause deadlocks](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/pfxteam/should-i-expose-synchronous-wrappers-for-asynchronous-methods/). The Azure SDK provides synchronous APIs to minimize friction when porting existing application to Azure. Synchronous methods should not support parallel processing. Parallel processing should only be supported in async methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many developers want to port existing applications to the Cloud. These applications are often synchronous, and the cost of rewriting them to be asynchronous is usually prohibitive. Calling asynchronous APIs from synchronous methods can only be done through a technique called [_sync-over-async_, which can cause deadlocks](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/pfxteam/should-i-expose-synchronous-wrappers-for-asynchronous-methods/). The Azure SDK provides synchronous APIs to minimize friction when porting existing application to Azure. Synchronous methods should not support parallel processing. Parallel processing should only be supported in asynchronous methods.
```

nit:  Synchonous and asynchronous are used in the rest of this paragraph.   We probably want to be consistent here.

Reviewer: Should we consider "concurrent" over "parallel" in this context?  Maybe even be more explicit that "Synchronous methods should process work serially; they should not use explicit multithreading or background tasks to parallelize."  ?

> Many developers want to port existing applications to the Cloud. These applications are often synchronous, and the cost of rewriting them to be asynchronous is usually prohibitive. Calling asynchronous APIs from synchronous methods can only be done through a technique called [_sync-over-async_, which can cause deadlocks](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/pfxteam/should-i-expose-synchronous-wrappers-for-asynchronous-methods/). The Azure SDK provides synchronous APIs to minimize friction when porting existing application to Azure. Synchronous methods should not support parallel processing. Parallel processing should only be supported in async methods.

Author: That sounds good to me!

> Many developers want to port existing applications to the Cloud. These applications are often synchronous, and the cost of rewriting them to be asynchronous is usually prohibitive. Calling asynchronous APIs from synchronous methods can only be done through a technique called [_sync-over-async_, which can cause deadlocks](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/pfxteam/should-i-expose-synchronous-wrappers-for-asynchronous-methods/). The Azure SDK provides synchronous APIs to minimize friction when porting existing application to Azure. Synchronous methods should not use explicit multithreading or background tasks to parallelize.  Concurrent processing should only be used by asynchronous methods.

Reviewer 2: I understand what it's saying and it's a good point, but I am not sure: a) every reader would understand that point. I think you would need to add some samples to illustrate to solve this problem. b) the guidelines are for library developers, not for app writers. Why do we need this addition?

Author: Some libraries offer parallel processing - Storage, Monitor Ingestion, Service Bus, Event Hubs. This is to let library authors know that if they are doing any parallel processing it should be restricted to async methods.

Author: I can add this as an explanatory point.

Author: Added as a suggestion - https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/pull/4837#discussion_r1083068549

Reviewer 2: > This is to let library authors know that if they are doing any parallel processing it should be restricted to async methods.

OK, this is not at all clear. The whole paragraph is about apps, and so the last sentence reads as if it were speaking to the same audience.

> Many developers want to port existing applications to the Cloud. These applications are often synchronous, and the cost of rewriting them to be asynchronous is usually prohibitive. Calling asynchronous APIs from synchronous methods can only be done through a technique called [_sync-over-async_, which can cause deadlocks](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/pfxteam/should-i-expose-synchronous-wrappers-for-asynchronous-methods/). The Azure SDK provides synchronous APIs to minimize friction when porting existing application to Azure. Synchronous methods should not use explicit multithreading or background tasks to parallelize.  Concurrent processing should only be used by asynchronous methods.

Author: ```suggestion
Many developers want to port existing applications to the Cloud. These applications are often synchronous, and the cost of rewriting them to be asynchronous is usually prohibitive. Calling asynchronous APIs from synchronous methods can only be done through a technique called [_sync-over-async_, which can cause deadlocks](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/pfxteam/should-i-expose-synchronous-wrappers-for-asynchronous-methods/). The Azure SDK provides synchronous APIs to minimize friction when porting existing application to Azure. Some libraries may want to offer the ability to perform work in parallel when a service method is called. Synchronous methods should not use explicit multithreading or background tasks to parallelize.  Such concurrent processing should only be used by asynchronous methods.
```

Reviewer 3: It might help to say something like "offering convenience methods that can call multiple service methods in parallel to accomplish a large task more efficiently" or something.  As written it almost sounds like we're doing something to keep busy on another thread while waiting for a response from the service.

> Many developers want to port existing applications to the Cloud. These applications are often synchronous, and the cost of rewriting them to be asynchronous is usually prohibitive. Calling asynchronous APIs from synchronous methods can only be done through a technique called [_sync-over-async_, which can cause deadlocks](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/pfxteam/should-i-expose-synchronous-wrappers-for-asynchronous-methods/). The Azure SDK provides synchronous APIs to minimize friction when porting existing application to Azure. Synchronous methods should process work serially; they should not use explicit multithreading or background tasks to parallelize. Concurrent processing should only be supported in asynchronous methods.

Reviewer 3: Anything async involving user code should also process serially (i.e., if we raise a sync/async event, we asynchronously invoke the handlers one at a time because customers might not ensured they didn't accidentally create race conditions).  I'd suggest simplifying to be more explicit like:
```suggestion
Many developers want to port existing applications to the Cloud. These applications are often synchronous, and the cost of rewriting them to be asynchronous is usually prohibitive. Calling asynchronous APIs from synchronous methods can only be done through a technique called [_sync-over-async_, which can cause deadlocks](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/pfxteam/should-i-expose-synchronous-wrappers-for-asynchronous-methods/). The Azure SDK provides synchronous APIs to minimize friction when porting existing application to Azure. Synchronous methods should not use explicit multithreading or background tasks to parallelize.  Concurrent processing should only be used by asynchronous methods.
```
